from the impact on civilians and efforts
to help them we have described it as a
catastrophe a nightmare as hell on Earth
it is all of these and worse to
prospects for a ceas fire if talks do
not resume I fear for the worst un
officials described military activity in
Rafa as a new low in the war on Gaza and
increasing threat to the region so did
many members stes Rafa is the last
remaining area in Gaza that has not been
completely destroyed Rafa is the sole
region where humanitarian actors could
still operate Rafa is now the final
refuge for gazans displaced from their
homes the UN says more than 800,000
Palestinians have been displaced from
Rafa since Israel issued its evacuation
orders two weeks ago and even now with
the construction of a pier and Aid
getting into Gaza by sea humanitarian
needs are only increasing the Rafa
border crossing once the main access
point for Aid remains closed while other
access points are too unsafe to meet the
growing needs even the United States
Israel's closest Ally in the security
Council called for deconfliction we also
do not support and will not support an
Israeli reoccupation of
Gaza and we have long m maintained our
objection to any large scale military
operation in Rafa that risks Mass
civilian harm the Palestinian Ambassador
noted past condemnations of Israel have
had little impact Israel is asking you
to destroy the international based order
with your own hands so it can continue
killing our people and annexing our land
in full
impunity it will not listen to reason or
to your protests to your calls or your
demands Israel vowed to continue its
assault as long as Hamas is in power it
the fire of Terror is burning in Rafa
sadly there is no alternative Christen
salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer